README.md, before:

# catalyzator

## Developer Guidelines

- Always follow the PRD (product requirements document).
- Always follow the FRD (feature requirements document).
- Always update the FRD according to updates in the PRD.
- All development prompts should follow include the PRD and the relevant FRDs.
- There is a [prompts folder](./developer-prompts) that contains the prompts used in the flow. see the [documentation](./developer-prompts/README.md) for more details.
- The PRD and FRDs will be in the [PRD.md](./doc/PRD.md) and [FRD.md](./doc/FRD.md) files.

## TODO

- [ ] deployment
    - [ ] dockerization
    - [ ] docker compose
- [ ] form
    - [ ] small input in the entity onboarding for the entity name.
    - [ ] entity type should be a select input
    - [ ] add calendar when a date is being collected on form
    - [ ] add consent form
    - [ ] make the scroll area bigger.
    - [ ] form data validation
    - [ ] if the user's data is known, fill it in the form and allow the user to edit it.
    - [ ] There can no team members except the founders. fix the relevant section.
- [ ] Navbar
    - [ ] the navbar is not responsive
- [ ] Profile improvements
    - [ ] Profile page design
    - [ ] allow to add profile picture
- [ ] Chat
    - [ ] support mock AI response
    - [ ] multiple chats
    - [ ] do not use mock data about the user, entity, grant, and chat history
    - [ ] Align chat UI with Profile UI
- [ ] Catalyzator User support
    - [ ] Support the difference between the user types in the flow, access, and profile page
    - [ ] CatalyzatorOS waiting list
- [ ] Backend interaction with mock AI response and changes (leave only the AI agent implementation)
- [ ] AI Agent
- [ ] Other product frontend

## user flow

## DB schemas

Commit message:

improved layouts, sidebar, components, profile page, navbar, and a lot more

README.md, after:

# catalyzator

## Developer Guidelines

- Always follow the PRD (product requirements document).
- Always follow the FRD (feature requirements document).
- Always update the FRD according to updates in the PRD.
- All development prompts should follow include the PRD and the relevant FRDs.
- There is a [prompts folder](./developer-prompts) that contains the prompts used in the flow. see the [documentation](./developer-prompts/README.md) for more details.
- The PRD and FRDs will be in the [PRD.md](./doc/PRD.md) and [FRD.md](./doc/FRD.md) files.

## TODO

- [ ] route protection and root redirect
- [ ] app homepage
- [ ] design improvements
- [ ] deployment
    - [ ] dockerization
    - [ ] docker compose
- [ ] form (redo all form management and application management according to changes)
    - [ ] small input in the entity onboarding for the entity name.
    - [ ] entity type should be a select input
    - [ ] add calendar when a date is being collected on form
    - [ ] add consent form
    - [ ] make the scroll area bigger.
    - [ ] form data validation
    - [ ] if the user's data is known, fill it in the form and allow the user to edit it.
    - [ ] There can no team members except the founders. fix the relevant section.
- [ ] remove the mock section from the home page
- [ ] AI Agent
- [ ] Other product frontend

### improvements

- [ ] improve the design of the features component.
- [ ] improve the design of the home page of the app.


## user flow

## DB schemas
